MALE NARRATOR:
Previously on Debris...
They were forcing me
to build a device
that would track a very
dangerous piece of Debris.
BRYAN: We’re gonna get George
the equipment he needs.
FINOLA: We have to get
to Washington State on a case.
Maddox cannot suspect anything.
SHELBY: I know that’s part
of a crashed alien ship.
BRYAN: How do you know that?
SHELBY: It transported us
into the past.
It’s not just time travel.
BRYAN: What did you do?
My sister’s gone.
I have to get her back.
GEORGE: These repeated jumps
can cause irreversible damage.
BRYAN:
I have this under control.
GRACE:
We have a problem with Bryan.
Don’t let him trigger it again,
whatever the cost.
The Debris,
it may be reading your desires.
Who’s the person that you’re
trying to get back to?
BRYAN: You.
-Where is she?
-I don’t know.
We have to move quickly.
I’m sorry I did this to you.
It’s not your fault.
It’s mine.
What do you mean?
George said that you were
a pilot--
a pilot that needs
his direction clear.
I realize that I am a pilot
in this too.
We’re here because
I put us off course.
You want one thing,
maybe you even believe
that you want it,
but deep down inside,
you want something else.
George said something
like that.
And I’m not being honest
with what I want.
Do you think it’ll work now?
BRYAN: We have to go.
-(helicopter whirring)
-Follow me.
Bryan! Don’t do it!
I love Washington.
I spent a lot of time here.
Do you know the first food
astronauts ate in space?
No.
-No, I don’t.
-Applesauce...
in a tube like toothpaste.
Sixty-eight percent
of the apples we eat
are grown in Washington.
Looks like we’re here.
-Picking up on something.
-(device scanning)
Not much. But there is
definitely something here.
Maybe someone over at that house
knows something.
(door closes)
Hey, why don’t you run
the tests,
and I’ll check it out?
Okay.
(chuckles)
-(bell chimes)
-(muttering)
Can I help you?
Uh...
You’re back.
You’re Kathleen, right?
How do you know my name?
I’m a friend of Shelby’s.
Is he here?
How do you know my brother?
I know what you’re doing.
I know what you found
in the sea.
Who told you?
-Who are you?
-Is he here?
Hey, it’s okay.
Is-- Is Shelby here?
It made him disappear.
What?
(stammering)
When did that happen?
KATHERINE:
A few days ago.
-We went out to it, and when--
-Yeah.
When I got back, he was gone.
It’s like he was erased.
Like he was never born.
I was too afraid
to go back out there.
My name is Bryan Beneventi.
I’m with a government agency.
I came here to investigate
what you found in the water
with my partner.
And then she disappeared
like your brother.
I just wanna get back to her
in the same way your brother
wants to get back to you.
Wait. How do you know
he’s trying to get back to me?
Because I was just with him.
* (theme)
(electricity crackling)
I don’t understand.
If you jumped with Shelby,
why is he not back here too?
Listen to me right now.
There is an agent right here
whose one goal is to take
this Debris away.
-Why?
-Because he’s not from here.
To them it is just
an extra-terrestrial graph.
They don’t care.
And in two minutes,
she’s going to figure out
that it’s in the water,
and this whole place
is gonna be crawling
with people just like her.
If that happens, you’re never
gonna see your brother again.
I’m never gonna see
my partner again.
Why don’t we go back
to the wreck and use it now?
We can find them.
What Shelby and I tried
didn’t work.
We need to figure out
what went wrong first,
or we’re to end up doing
damage to the universe.
Bryan?
It’s already started.
What are you talking about?
I’ve seen this degradation
before.
But now it’s dire.
This is happening in every
reality that I’ve been to.
We can’t outrun it.
It’s just going to continue.
All realities will bleed
into each other.
And the universe will
collapse in on itself.
These people that we’re seeing,
they’re in another reality,
bleeding through.
I think we might have caused it.
How?
Shelby initially said that
the only way to stop
the degradation,
to fix it,
was to get him back to his
own reality, but he lied.
My brother isn’t a liar.
He only lied
because he knew we would take
the Debris away if he didn’t.
He wanted to get back
to you so badly...
just like I want to get
to somebody.
My partner... Finola.
What do we do?
We need to find George Jones.
Who is that?
My partner’s father
is a a scientist
who is helping Shelby
and I try to figure it out.
He’s the only one that I know
who can find a way to unravel
these realities
and get us back to where
we’re supposed to be.
Bryan?
GRACE: Why are you still
in here, Bryan?
This is happening
all over the house.
We have to leave until
the Situation Team gets here.
-It’s okay.
-It’s not okay.
Bryan, we shouldn’t even be
in here without suits.
She shouldn’t be in here at all.
Let’s just wait to call
a team, okay?
I already called in the team.
The signatures out there
are rising by the minute.
I’ve got this under control.
Bryan, I have known you
for five years.
You do not have this
under control.
We don’t even know
how far out this piece
-is affecting its surroundings.
-I know.
It is much worse
than we initially thought.
I just need some time to think.
Bryan, are you seeing
what’s happening here.
We need to find the Debris
and neutralize it immediately.
The Debris is in the ocean.
How do you know that?
I just know.
What are you talking about?
I understand that you don’t know
what’s going on here, Grace.
But I am desperate
for that Debris
to stay exactly where it is
for enough time
for me to figure out
how to fix this.
Bryan, I trust you,
but you are making
no sense at all.
If you really know where
this Debris is,
we have to stop this.
We need to find George Jones.
He’s the only one
that can stop it.
Bryan, George Jones is dead.
You just killed him
at the INFLUX compound
two days ago.
-Remember?
-What?
-What is she doing?
-Kathleen!
No!
(gasps)
FINOLA: The first disturbances
were picked up
in the atmosphere yesterday,
8:20 A.M.
GIBSON: They pick up anything
falling?
FINOLA: No.
-Damn it.
-What?
Denied.
What do you mean?
Why are you denied?
Back in the 1958, GM offered
each of the Mercury astronauts
a Chevy for one dollar
per year.
That’s why you see all those
photos of them with their
Corvettes.
-Really? Just a dollar?
-Yeah.
-Huh.
-They scrapped the program,
though,
but I’ve been trying to convince
them to bring it back.
Why? We don’t work
for NASA, Gibson.
Close enough.
But why are you on their side?
I’m not on their side.
I’m just saying that, you know,
they go into actual space.
-We should be on cereal boxes.
-Okay, okay.
You get a cereal box.
Honey Nut Malcontent.
-I need a new partner.
-Yep. Tell me about it.
Uh, SAT scans.
Pull up over there.
I hate the ocean.
-(device scanning)
-You get anything?
Yeah, a bit.
There’s definitely
something out there.
Call it in.
Yeah, it’s Gibson.
We’re gonna need
a Situation Team
in Oceanside right away.
(bell chimes)
Agent Gibson,
and this is Agent Jones.
We’re from the government,
and we’d like to ask you
a few questions.
-KATHLEEN: Okay.
-Are your parents home?
No. No, they’re traveling
in Europe.
Okay. And do you have any idea
when they’ll be home?
-Did he say your name was Jones?
-Uh, yeah.
Was your father a scientist
named George Jones?
Uh, was? No.
George Jones is my father.
He’s not dead?
No, he’s, um...
very much alive and well.
Can you reach him?
Can-- Can you reach your father?
What is this about?
How do you know my father?
George Jones is the only one
who can save the world.
How long have these been here?
They started after my brother
disappeared.
At least that’s what
the agent said.
And what was his name?
Bryan. Bryan Beneventi.
(whispers)
Bryan Beneventi.
And he said he was, uh,
looking for me?
He was looking for your father
to fix this.
He wanted to get back to you,
to another version of you
where my brother took him from.
These jumps are putting
a cumulative strain
on the fabric of space-time.
Eventually, I mean,
this damage could be
irreversible.
This is proof.
GIBSON: Situation Team
is 15 minutes out.
We should get her
out of the house.
-Yeah.
-No.
They’re gonna take it away.
Kathleen, we have to.
We have no idea
what this is doing.
We’re going to have to study it.
He told me that your father said
the universe would continue
to decay
if I didn’t get back.
He said it’s already in motion,
and you said so yourself.
Look what’s happening.
You have to find your father.
He’s the only one
who could fix this.
Bryan told me you wouldn’t
realize it.
We can’t play around with this.
You’ve got to call your father.
That’s incredible.
It’s like the Debris
is allowing her
to shuffle between realities
like a deck of cards.
Every time she uses the Debris,
she plucks another card
from the deck.
FINOLA: Yeah. Exactly.
GEORGE (on phone):
Tell me about this partner.
His name is Bryan Beneventi.
She said he told her that
the longer that she’s away
from her reality,
the quicker the universe
will deteriorate.
Yeah, I suppose.
Hypothetically, in order
for Kathleen to return to her
original reality,
she would have to jump
at the exact same time
she and Shelby originally
activated the Debris.
Hmm.
Yeah, but--
Something just doesn’t
sit right with me.
Why, what’s wrong?
What this, um,
Belefonte said,
it doesn’t doesn’t make
any sense.
I mean, essentially,
it’s the exact opposite
to what’s occurring right now.
And if the data set
from Gibson’s is accurate,
well, you definitely should not
allow this girl to jump again.
I’m absolutely sure of that.
We’re already on shaky ground.
Is there any-- any truth
to what she is saying then?
I believe that any jump is going
to destabilize the situation
further.
And, in fact, any more jumps
are going to--
It’s gonna cause
irreversible damage.
She must accept
that her brother’s gone.
FINOLA: Okay. The Situation
Teams will be here soon.
All right. Be safe.
FINOLA:
Where is Kathleen?
Wasn’t she outside
with you?
Kathleen.
What do you think, Craig?
-What?
-I knew that name ring a bell.
You ready for this?
Bryan Beneventi is
an actual person.
He was a marine in Afghanistan.
I was keeping my eye on him
back during the conflict.
Well, in another reality,
it seems he works here.
The guy was like
a trouble magnet.
Like, I tried to talk to him,
help him out, give him a hand.
He didn’t want to listen.
Now we see how that turned out.
He’s a war criminal.
For the best,
I suppose.
That’s my brother.
That’s your partner... Bryan?
The other people can’t see us,
but they did.
They can’t be far, right?
Because they saw us?
He saw me.
A reality close by.
Kathleen.
I can’t deny
what I just witnessed,
but my father thinks
that the universe
is in a state right now
that cannot bear
the uncertainty
of you visiting
the Debris again.
What are you saying?
I’m saying that you lied.
What you told us about
my father was not true.
Stopping the degradation’s
got nothing,
nothing to do with you getting
back to your original reality.
No, but you don’t understand me.
-It’s my fault.
-It’s not your fault.
-It is my fault. I insisted.
-It is not your fault.
I encouraged him to keep doing
the jumps in the first place.
After the first time,
he didn’t want to.
I made him.
And I have to fix this.
Kathleen!
Kathleen, no!
Sorry.
GRACE: Here’s a fun fact.
Do you know the first food
astronauts ate in space?
What?
Applesauce in a tube,
like toothpaste.
Sixty-eight percent
of the apples we eat are
grown here in Washington.
Looks like we’re here.
-It’s been a while since
I’ve seen the ocean.
-Hmm.
-(device scanning)
-You get anything?
Yeah, it’s clicking in high.
So much worse than
the report suggested.
-I’ll get set up out here.
-Yeah.
Hey, we’re going to need
an emergency Situation
Team at this location.
We’re seeing heavy degradation.
I’m not sure what’s causing it.
We’re about to go inside, okay?
(doorbell chimes)
My name is Agent Finola Jones.
I’m with the government.
I’m going to need for you
to clear out the house.
I know.
I know what’s happening.
We don’t have much time.
This isn’t the first time
you’ve been here.
What are you talking about?
There’s a piece of Debris
in sea.
My brother and I used it
to jump into new realities.
We were separated.
I’ve been trying
to get back to him,
and how the universe
is breaking down.
In one of these realities,
you have a partner named
Bryan Beneventi.
Bryan’s with my brother,
Shelby,
and they are trying to fix
the problems from where
they are.
-What’s your name?
-Kathleen.
Kathleen, how do you know
all of this?
Because I spoke to them.
They want to speak to you.
That’s him.
That’s my brother,
and that’s your partner.
Bryan and Shelby have come
across a lot of different
versions of you and your father.
He told me that many of those
Finolas were helping him find
an answer to this.
"Bilateral deviation."
Bilateral deviation
Um... Do you have a pen?
(sighs)
Bilateral deviation.
No, I don’t know.
(sighs)
Bilateral deviation.
I don’t know.
Why does he keep saying that?
-Has he said this before?
-No.
How?
(sighs)
God, um...
Okay, okay, um...
Okay, uh...
Okay, but...
I can’t-- I don’t know.
What was that?
(Finola stammering)
No, it’s still within range.
Hang on. Here’s Finola.
The team’s two minutes out.
Have you heard of, um,
bilateral deviation?
-No. What is that?
-Okay.
It just might be the key
to fixing all of this.
(helicopter approaching)
-KATHLEEN: Please help me.
-There’s no time.
-We can make time.
-How?
We can start over.
You can come with me.
-No, they are
gonna shut it down.
-We can fix this.
We can jump again,
take what we’ve learned
and get more time
to figure out what to do
before they take it.
We can fix this.
We’ll be okay.
Go.
MAN: House clear?
Yeah. Readings increase
closer to the shore.
I think it’s in the water.
(sighs)
Okay.
Pannenkoek!
Get out of the way!
-(horn honking)
-(tires screeching)
(gasps)
-(device chimes)
-I think you to can put down
the tablet, Finola.
It’s pretty clear
where we need to go.
Wow. This is intense.
It’s obvious
what’s going on here.
Alien invasion.
It’s not aliens.
Situation Team chopper
is 10 minutes out.
You should call your father
immediately.
He’ll know what to do.
My father’s dead.
What?
No!
I talked to him yesterday.
How did he die?
(latch clicks)
Kathleen.
(sighs)
You remember.
Yeah.
KATHLEEN:
Quickly.
They’re getting worse.
I’m scared.
Shelby and Bryan
aren’t here this time.
What if it’s too late?
I have to call my father.
(phone vibrates)
Are you okay?
Yeah,
I’m just looking at the...
satellite data
from your location.
Can only imagine
what you’re seeing.
Finola.
Are you all right?
FINOLA: Dad.
I’m, uh... Yeah.
(chuckles)
Yeah. Yeah, yeah. No, I’m okay.
Well, don’t worry,
the team’s on its way
to you now.
We’ll figure this out.
That’s the thing, I have.
I just don’t know how yet.
GEORGE:
What do you mean?
Okay, you have to listen to me.
The Debris was triggered
by a brother and sister
who would jumping realities.
And the last time they jumped,
they got separated,
and they’ve been trying to get
back to each other ever since.
How many jumps have they made?
I don’t know.
I’m not sure.
But that’s the thing.
There was an agent
that is involved in this,
he comes from
one of the realities
that the brother
and sister visited.
He told me
that there was
another version of me
from another reality
that had almost figured out
the answer,
but reality was reset
before I had the chance
to give it to him.
He said it had something
to do with bilateral deviation.
Now, I know that obviously
"bilateral" has got something
to do with two sides,
and there were two twins
who were trying to get
back to each other, but--
All right. Well, you said this
all started when these twins
triggered in the Debris.
Yes. Yes.
Well, it’s starts
with the two of them.
That caused the bilateral
deviation from the reality.
Yes, yes, and--
(helicopter approaching)
The Situation Team’s here.
You’re going to have
to get them to stand down.
I need more time.
GEORGE:
I can’t do that.
The situation’s too grave.
-Dad?
-Yes.
If you were never going
to see me again,
what would be the last thing
that you would say to me?
No, don’t talk like that.
You’re brilliant.
And we are gonna figure
this out together.
But what would you say?
I would say, I love you.
I love you too.
I love you.
"Together."
(helicopter approaching)
-KATHLEEN: They’re here.
-FINOLA: Yeah.
I think your brother and Bryan
failed because we weren’t
involved.
We hadn’t figured it out
together.
-Bilateral deviation.
-Yeah.
You and your brother are two
strands of the same reality
that have become unraveled,
-and that has messed
everything else up.
-What do you mean?
You’ve been trying to get back
to each other but separately.
But how can we jump together
if we’re in different realities?
Because you both have to jump,
but at the same time.
I thought we’d already
tried that.
No, no, simultaneously.
Because it has to end
the way it began,
so we can get back
to the beginning and repair
the damage across all realities.
-We have to find them.
-Yes. Go.
FINOLA:
Oh, they’re back!
All jump together.
Two minutes.
Okay.
Ready?
Three, two, one.
(watch beeps)
-(pounding on door)
-Finola.
MAN:
The Situation Team is here.
Upstairs. I’m going to take her
outside to get evaluated, okay?
MAN: All right.
(helicopter whirring)
Run.
When we jump and I get back
to my reality,
do you think we’re gonna
remember it?
I don’t know.
It happened before. Why?
This is something
I really don’t want to forget,
something my father said to me.
Hey. Thank you for helping me.
Yeah. Go.
SHELBY:
Is it too late?
Mm-hmm.
I love the ocean.
-You getting anything?
-(device scanning)
Yeah. It’s faint.
But it’s definitely here.
Hi, there.
I’m Agent Bryan Beneventi.
-This is Finola Jones.
-Hey.
We’re with the government.
We have a few questions
for you.
I know.
It’s in the ocean, Bryan.
BRYAN: What is?
SHELBY: Come on in.
I’ll tell you what I know.
Hey, Craig. It’s Vince
at the Federal Grill.
I just want to confirm
a reservation for
this afternoon at 1:30.
I hope to see you then.
Be good to see you.
Alexandra, did I miss
a lunch appointment today?
ALEXANDRA:
You had no lunch booked today.
Yeah, I didn’t think so.
-Um, thanks. That’s all.
-Okay.
-And would you close
the door behind you?
-Yeah.
(line ringing)
JULIA: Hi. You’ve reached
Julia’s voicemail.
Please leave a message.
(car door opens, closes)
(footsteps approaching)
(latch clicking)
Hey!
Julia?
No.
No, no, no, no, no...
(sighs)
(buzzer sounds)
Here you are, mate.
Oh! Up above, down below,
too slow.
Come on, you can get it.
(tray clattering)
On report.
(lid slams)
(sighs)
Six.
Eight. Six. Eight.
Zero. Eight.
(buzzer sounds)
(cell door opens)
WOMAN:
Tell us what you’re seeing.
(beep)
Can you tell us
what you’re seeing?
(beep)
WOMAN 2:
I’m seeing sparkles in the air.
Still no sign of Ming.
(beep)
It’s beautiful.
MAN:
Have you found Beneventi?
Over.
(beep)